Bug-1773681 Showing Paste button for navigator.clipboard.readText() (#42263)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/147/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - When using [navigator.clipboard.readText()](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Clipboard/readText) or [navigator.clipboard.read()](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Clipboard/read) without the `clipboardRead` permission, a clipboard paste button is displayed to obtain user confirmation. If the extension has `clipboardRead` permission, it reads the clipboard data without user confirmation. For more information on working with the clipboard in extensions, see [Interact with the clipboard](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Interact_with_the_clipboard). ([Firefox bug 1773681](https://bugzil.la/1773681))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using [navigator.clipboard.readText()](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Clipboard/readText) or [navigator.clipboard.read()](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Clipboard/read) without the `clipboardRead` permission, a clipboard paste button is displayed to obtain user confirmation. If the extension has `clipboardRead` permission, it continues to read the clipboard data without user confirmation, as before. For more information on working with the clipboard in extensions, see [Interact with the clipboard](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Interact_with_the_clipboard). ([Firefox bug 1773681](https://bugzil.la/1773681))
```
